Yes, I have learned this from an expert.
I also want to slowly buy it.
Give justice to everyone, and no one can bully anyone.
Why don't you mean that? I mean this precious thing,
It should be worth a thousand chickens, but I don’t have the right to play with White Fang.
Taking care of you is so sweet. Just white teeth.
So white teeth, what is this? The second uncle bought expensive ones, so sweet,
This is this thousand chicken, these things are two la chicken,
Like all things, we throw them up and down,
The mission is close to heaven, these thousand chickens. yes.
Mr. Lu, what’s wrong with me too?
It's already too late to be dangerous
The wing paste can be removed after one month
Rehabilitate your life again
Everything is recovering well
I will not talk to each other